Informational responses (100–199)
Successful responses (200–299)
Redirects (300–399)
Client errors (400–499)
Server errors (500–599)

200 OK
    The request has succeeded. The meaning of the success depends on the HTTP method:

    GET: The resource has been fetched and is transmitted in the message body.
    HEAD: The representation headers are included in the response without any message body.
    PUT or POST: The resource describing the result of the action is transmitted in the message body.
    TRACE: The message body contains the request message as received by the server.

201 Created
The request has succeeded and a new resource has been created as a result. This is typically the response sent after POST requests,
me PUT requests.

202 Accepted
The request has been received but not yet acted upon. It is noncommittal, since there is no way in HTTP to later send an asynchronous response indicating the 
outcome of the request. It is intended for cases where another process or server handles the request, or for batch processing.

300 Multiple Choice
The request has more than one possible response. The user-agent or user should choose one of them. (There is no standardized way of choosing one of the responses, but HTML links to the possibilities are recommended so the user can pick.)

301 Moved Permanently
The URL of the requested resource has been changed permanently. The new URL is given in the response.

302 Found
This response code means that the URI of requested resource has been changed temporarily. Further changes in the URI might be made in the future. Therefore, this same URI should be used by the client in future requests.

400 Bad Request
The server could not understand the request due to invalid syntax.

401 Unauthorized
Although the HTTP standard specifies "unauthorized", semantically this response means "unauthenticated". That is, the client must authenticate itself to get the requested response.

404 Not Found
The server can not find the requested resource. In the browser, this means the URL is not recognized. In an API, this can also mean that the endpoint is valid but the resource itself does not exist. Servers may also send this response instead of 403 to hide the existence of a resource from an unauthorized client. This response code is probably the most famous one due to its frequent occurrence on the web.

408 Request Timeout
This response is sent on an idle connection by some servers, even without any previous request by the client. It means that the server would like to shut down this unused connection. This response is used much more since some browsers, like Chrome, Firefox 27+, or IE9, use HTTP pre-connection mechanisms to speed up surfing. Also note that some servers merely shut down the connection without sending this message.

409 Conflict
This response is sent when a request conflicts with the current state of the server.

